# wRESTling bots
wRESTling bots is a Java/ Javascript library for chatting on a webserver with other clients.

## Running the program
To run the program, you should
1. execute the "Oblig2DatSkyApplication" program found in /main/java/API
2. open SERVER_URL: 'http://localhost:8080' in your preferred web browser

We recommend running this application from IntelliJ IDE, since this is the IDE the application has been developed in.

## Usage
When the web browser is open and the application is running you can register as a user from the first page.
Your unique userID will then be generated by the application and ensures the control of who sent which messages.

After making a new chat room and joining it or joining an existing one, you can either send a message to the room,
go back to the main page but still be a part of the room, log out from the application or deregister from the room. 
If you write a message including one of the following greetings or actions: "hi", "hello", "howdy", "yo", "eat", "sing",
"dance", "run", one of the bots will reply with an adequate answer, while the other bots will answer with simple 
messages like "hi".

If someone tries to enter a chat without being a registered user first, they will be notified and sent back to the 
'homepage' where they can register themselves. 
If someone tries to send a message without being a registered user, they will be notified. 
If someone tries to send a message as a registered user, but not being a participant in the chatroom, they will be notified. 

You can log out of the application by clicking the "Log out"-button either from the main page or inside a chat room. 
Your user will then be removed from the chat rooms you are registered in and from the application's list of registered 
users. 

## API-metods: 
POST - Register user 
/registerUser?username={String}

POST - Add chatroom 
/addOne?roomName={String}&creator={User}

POST - Add bot to chatroom
/addBotToRoom?roomID={String}&username={String}

POST - Add user to chatroom
/addParticipant?roomID={String}&userID={String}

POST - Add message to chatroom 
/addMessage?roomID={String}&userID={String}&msg={String}

GET - Returning all registeres users 
/getAllUsers

GET - Returning list of all chatrooms
/getAll

GET - Get list of participants of specific chatroom
/getParticipants?roomID={String}

GET - Returning all messages from specific chatroom
/getMessages?roomID={String}

GET - Returning name of chatroom
/getRoomname?roomID={String}

POST - Delete user from all chatrooms and remove as registered user
/deleteUser?userID={String}

POST - Delete user from one specific chatroom 
/deleteUserFromRoom?roomID={String}&userID={String}

## Server
The server is a Spring Boot application created with Spring Initializr.

## Client
The client program is connecting to the server through a GUI in a web browser.
There will be four bots implemented in the application from the start. These will write messages and reply to messages 
from other users in the chat rooms.

## Libraries
We are using Java version 14 with the Spring Boot framework.
In the making of this application we have used the Bootstrap-library for designing the GUI.

## Remaining Task 3 
We could not connect websocket to localhost, and could not find the reason. Therefore the function behind the button 
for turning on notifications in the chat rooms does not work.

## Contributions
This API webservice is made by the following students
s325340 , Hannah Marie Maurstad Eriksen
s313564 , Caroline Sofie Jetteberg
s340559, Amalie Christine Leiknes

Last edit was made on 14.04.2021